README.md, before:

# AionClassic_2.4

Source code of the Aion Classic server emulator. Version 2.4.<br>

Reworked by <b>BeckUp.Media</b> for correct compile.<br>
And a good structure -.- ... not this weird shit before inside the other Repo. ;)

Original based on Aion-Lightning.

This is an Encom leak, sadness Encom has removed all @author tags. ;(

This repo is only here for save the files and reduce the chance that these files get selled for money.

I did no fork bcs of nothing will happen inside the original src repo. Also here nothing will happen.
I have other stuff todo.

For compile:
- Simply use Ant and batch files, or install intelliJ IDEA, go to settings - plugins.
- Install Ant.
- Go to view, Tool Windows, activate Ant.
- bind in build.xml files from Al-Commons, Al-Login, Al-Game.
- open Ant on right side of IDE, open each Module and hit jar or dist.

You can use this client:
[https://disk.yandex.ru/d/8r46o43ZR7x-Lw/aion%202.x/AION_CLASSIC%202.4](https://disk.yandex.ru/d/8r46o43ZR7x-Lw/aion%202.x/AION_CLASSIC%202.4)

Original source repo : https://github.com/MATTYOneInc/AionClassic_2.4
<br></br>
<b>Info BeckUp.Media</b>

- Chatserver source missing
- I not tested the server, but im pretty sure that the server is buggy as hell. XD

Commit message:

README update
- client link is incorrect, looks like we need an NA client 2.4c

README.md, after:

# AionClassic_2.4

Source code of the Aion Classic server emulator. Version 2.4.<br>

Reworked by <b>BeckUp.Media</b> for correct compile.<br>
And a good structure -.- ... not this weird shit before inside the other Repo. ;)

Original based on Aion-Lightning.

This is an Encom leak, sadness Encom has removed all @author tags. ;(

This repo is only here for save the files and reduce the chance that these files get selled for money.

I did no fork bcs of nothing will happen inside the original src repo. Also here nothing will happen.
I have other stuff todo.

For compile:
- Simply use Ant and batch files, or install intelliJ IDEA, go to settings - plugins.
- Install Ant.
- Go to view, Tool Windows, activate Ant.
- bind in build.xml files from Al-Commons, Al-Login, Al-Game.
- open Ant on right side of IDE, open each Module and hit jar or dist.

You can use this client:  (No ... is KR, you need an NA i think)

~~[https://disk.yandex.ru/d/8r46o43ZR7x-Lw/aion%202.x/AION_CLASSIC%202.4](https://disk.yandex.ru/d/8r46o43ZR7x-Lw/aion%202.x/AION_CLASSIC%202.4)~~

Original source repo : https://github.com/MATTYOneInc/AionClassic_2.4
<br></br>
<b>Info BeckUp.Media</b>

- Chatserver source missing
- I not tested the server, but im pretty sure that the server is buggy as hell. XD
